Feature/new brand (#2644)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/sector/rest_api/_index.md

---
title: "Rest API"
icon: "dlt-c8y-icon-rest-api"
type: external
external: https://www.cumulocity.com/api/

> weight: 55

Reviewer: ```suggestion
weight: 45
```

---

> The Cumulocity OpenAPI Specifications represent a language-agnostic interface to the Cumulocity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{< openapi >}} represents a language-agnostic interface to the {{< product-c8y-iot >}}
```
